Add note about supporting state for WinUI 3 (#9394)
MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs: docs/xaml-tools/creating-a-ui-by-using-xaml-designer-in-visual-studio.md

> [!NOTE]
> Xamarin.Forms does not support a XAML designer. To view your Xamarin.Forms XAML UIs and edit them while the app is running, use XAML Hot Reload for Xamarin.Forms. For more information, see the [XAML Hot Reload for Xamarin.Forms (Preview)](/xamarin/xamarin-forms/xaml/hot-reload/) page.

> [!NOTE]

> > WinUI 3 / .NET MAUI XAML designer is currently under development and does not support at now, to view your WinUI 3 / .NET MAUI XAML UIs and edit them while the app is running, use XAML Hot Reload for WinUI 3 / .NET MAUI. For more information, see the [XAML Hot Reload](../xaml-tools/xaml-hot-reload.md) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> WinUI 3 / .NET MAUI XAML designer is currently under development and is not supported in Visual Studio 2022. To view your WinUI 3 / .NET MAUI XAML UIs and edit them while the app is running, use XAML Hot Reload for WinUI 3 / .NET MAUI. For more information, see the [XAML Hot Reload](../xaml-tools/xaml-hot-reload.md) page.
```

Reviewer: @maddymontaquila Please check my changes and review / approve the PR.

Reviewer 2: Only note is that it is **not** currently under development - so as long as you can clarify that everything else is good! Thank you!!

Reviewer: Revising the text to avoid saying it's under development.
